After the tsunami, there were lots of volunteers who came from outside Tohoku to support locals.
Navigating the lengthy check-in and security lines took hours, and airline and security staff were unfriendly and unhelpful, Saigal said.
Braised beef short ribs and morels filled with a shrimp mousse is another highlight of the menu.
Eager to find the precious ambergris found in sperm whales' intestines that is used in perfumes, the authorities pulled the whale into the lagoon.
From its humble Berlin beginnings when a döner kebab only contained meat, onions and a bit of salad, it developed into a dish with abundant salad, vegetables (sometimes grilled), and a selection of sauces from which to choose.
The fourth-largest quake in the world since seismic recording began in 1900, the blast was so powerful that it shifted the Earth's axis and redistributed its mass.
Seafood lovers are recommended to try the baked yellow croaker with red pepper and onions.
One 8m-long tunnel, which was so small Ellai could barely squeeze through it, opened into a huge chamber where the team found cave paintings that archaeologist Julian Jansen van Rensburg believed could be 2,000 years old, as well as human skulls and ancient pottery.
The film, Path of the Soul, traces the pilgrimage of 11 Tibetan villagers from Chamdo to Gang Rinpoche, a mountain that holds a holy position in many religions, including Tibetan Buddhism and Hinduism.
Hiking and climbing at high altitude are already difficult, let alone when the paths are frozen or heavily carpeted in snow.
I will do everything that I can in the future to avoid Berlin airport because I just don't want to deal with the stress, Clark said.
The Milanese G&T 20 by Cross Yu blended Campari with Bickens gin, Fever Tree tonic water and a chilli cold brew tincture.
As he continued walking through the lagoon, he gently raised stingrays, pufferfish and a turtle weighing roughly 30kg from the water.
Presented this year in partnership with China bar industry leader DRiNK and Italian spirits powerhouse Campari, the Bulgari Symposia showcased five renowed guest bartenders, alongside Bulgari Hotel Shanghai bar manager Chris Sun and Bulgari Hotel Beijing head bartender Ivan Wang.
One major initiative has been the construction of a hiking trail that runs more than 1,000km along Tohoku's eastern coastline.
Some kosher products like Manischewitz wine were instrumental in winning over non-Jewish consumers.
We need money quickly, CEO Aletta von Massenbach recently told German newspaper Tagesspiegel.
Sauerbraten (literally "sour roast") is traditionally prepared with horse meat, but these days beef and venison are increasingly used.
Essentially a sort of pasta, the noodles are a simple combination of eggs, flour, salt and often a splash of fizzy water to fluff up the dough.
He embraced Zanella as an old friend, with a light kiss on each cheek, before introducing himself to me.
If tropical plants are not enough, the Wild Elephant Valley would be a great option for animal lovers.
The park is also one of the main venues for the annual Water Splashing Festival, the most important traditional occasion for the Dai people to welcome the New Year.
Ellai said that a long time ago, a sperm whale carcass washed ashore.
A red wine gravy is an absolute requirement to round off the dish.
At the time, we were discussing how we should spend our annual leave.
It is a view I have seen innumerable times and remains one of my favourite in the city, and the coating of snow, contrasting with the vibrant colours of the autumn leaves and ancient structures only added to its elegance and mystery.
At least, that's how Fran Lebowitz, the American writer and critic sees it, making the claim in the highly-rated documentary Pretend It's a City, in which she depicts the vicissitudes of contemporary urban life-its fads, trends, crazes and fashions.
It is decorated with additional whipped cream, maraschino cherries and chocolate shavings.
Covering the 84th to 110th floor and the 120th floor of Shanghai Tower, the new hotel occupies a total of more than 55,000 square meters.
All that combines together to support a market that's allowing creative people like me to do my stuff.
I sold if for a small fortune that they call it floating gold.
In the process of raising, a wagyu eats two kilograms of milk chocolate and candies every day in addition to feed.
"I'm known by [most people] as Abdullah the Caveman, but my Socotri friends call me Ellai."
Drowned in a dark gravy made with beetroot sugar sauce and rye bread to balance the sour taste of the vinegar, sauerbraten is then traditionally served with red cabbage, potato dumplings or boiled potatoes.
My first stop was Jingshan Park, constructed in the Ming Dynasty (1368 - 1644) the manmade hill and surrounding park offer remarkable views of the ForbiddenCity, the Beijing Central Axis and wider city as a whole.
Named after the former East Prussian capital of Königsberg (now Kaliningrad in Russia), this tasty dish of meatballs in a creamy white sauce with capers is beloved by grandmothers and chefs alike.
The most popular incarnation of bratwurst, however, is the next item on our list.
"Meanwhile, J Hotel is also a great project carrying the national brand."
After adding each layer, the käsespätzle will be put into the oven to avoid cooling off and to ensure melting of cheese.
Others like Jell-O had long and contentious journeys to become kosher.
The money enabled him to buy a small house in Qalansiyah for his family, and I asked him why he still chose to live in the cave after his family moved away.
Wading through the lagoon, Ellai paused before momentarily submerging himself in the knee-deep water.
Colaunched by corporations including investment group Shanghai Chengtou Corp and leading travel and hospitality conglomerates Jin Jiang International, J Hotel hopes to interpret and convey a national brand concept that originated in Shanghai and move it toward the wider world.
Käsespätzle is a popular menu item in beer gardens in summer and cozy Munich pubs in winter.
During the busy fall holiday period, BER anticipated it would see more than 900,000 passengers between October 8 and October 24.
It was so much more efficient, and Germans are very big on this efficiency aspect.
In most towns and cities along the Mosel River, people flock to marketplaces and wine gardens in early October to sip a glass of federweisser and feast crispy, freshly made onion tarts called zwiebelkuchen.
That Friday, October 8, the airport experienced its highest one-day passenger total, with some 67,000 travelers.
The Ngari prefecture, averaging over 4,500 meters above sea level, has a long, cold winter.
Because of its light and sweet taste, it pairs well with the savory, warm onion cake.
Federweisser literally means "feather white" and is made by adding yeast to grapes, allowing fermentation to proceed rapidly.
We handpicked Shanghai-made noodles to bring authentic Shanghai flavors," Shi said.
Along with neighboring Myanmar and Laos, the exotic region is best known for dense tropical rain-forests and distinct ethnic culture.
Located in Shanghai Tower, the tallest skyscraper in China and second-tallest in the world, the hotel has its lobby on the 101st floor, at a height of about 470 meters.
The incorporation of kosher requirements into food manufacturing and supply chains has made it possible for many ingredients to be kosher-certified, especially those not traditionally associated with Jewish food.
In 2015, Cyclone Chapala ripped through Yemen and the Horn of Africa.
One of the earliest street sellers was Kadir Nurman, who started offering döner kebab sandwiches at West Berlin's Zoo Station in 1972, from the where the dish first took both West and East Berlin by storm and then the rest of Germany.
So we could see that it was a problem of the process and staff shortages, not the infrastructure, Haack said.
I asked my guide and island expert Matteo Zanella who it was.
Ellai still spends most of his time in his cave, fishing daily to support his family.
"My cave was our saviour and it withstood more than the man-made buildings."
The cuisine of Germany has been shaped not only by the country's agricultural traditions but by the many immigrants that have made the country home over the centuries.
This year's edition of the Bulgari Symposia was held on July 22 at Bulgari Hotel Shanghai and July 29 at Bulgari Hotel Beijing.
The most north-westerly point of the main island, where I stood, is where you will find the Detwah Lagoon and Ellai's home.
When he turned around to help her up, the waves had already taken her.
Zanella explained that fishing is the foundation of livelihoods here, and Socotri have always lived close to the sea.
Elsewhere, we saw signs advertising fisherman-run tours of the coast on small mackerel boats, and charters for scuba diving trips.
"The bespoke cocktails created by these bartending legends epitomize the Bvlgari bar experience – stylish, creative and one-of-a-kind," added General Manager of Bulgari Hotel Beijing Antonio Saponara.
Swissport is in a regular dialogue and close exchange with its customers and partners at Berlin Airport.
I assumed, perhaps a little naively, that maybe an epic mountain adventure would be just the tonic for my agitated state of mind and provide some inner peace.
However, the longest lines and other issues happened the following day, when there were fewer passengers (about 55,000) but also fewer staff because of shortages like employees calling in sick, Haack said.
But due to the lingering pandemic, he suggested that it will likely start to really take off in 2022 and expects it to soon become as iconic a hiking route as Japan's famed Kumano Kodo trail.
Located in Shanghai Tower, the tallest skyscraper in China and second-tallest in the world, the hotel has its lobby on the 101st floor, at a height of about 470 meters.
Today boiled and fried sausages are used, and currywurst remains one of the most popular sausage-based street foods in Germany, especially in Berlin, Cologne and the Rhine-Ruhr, where it's usually served with chips and ketchup or mayonnaise or a bread roll.
Standing on a rocky outcrop on the north-western tip of the Yemeni island of Socotra, the only signs of life that I could see were shoals of fish undulating beneath me in the turquoise water.
Its popularity in Germany grew quickly and steadily after World War II, and it's during this period that the kirschtorte starts appearing in other countries too, particularly on the British Isles.
While the Austrian or Vienna schnitzel is by law only made with veal, the German version is made with tenderized pork or turkey and has become a staple of most traditional restaurants.
A Shanghai native, Shi integrates classic Cantonese cooking techniques with those found in Shanghai cuisine and modern nutrition to make each dish rich, tasty and healthy.
He has had 12 children, but due to malnutrition and the lack of modern healthcare and vaccinations, only six of them survived childhood, which isn't uncommon in Socotra.
Lenny's Casita, a kosher Mexican restaurant, officially launched in July 2021.
From there, we passed through a bay of small fishing boats, before a two-hour trek up and over a wooded hill and then down a slippery stream brought us to a school on the outskirts of a village.
On lower ground, almost every building we passed was new.
At the top of the hotel is the Heavenly Jin restaurant on the 120th floor.
I would say to those people, number one, that we definitely have empathy, he told CNN.
Some might argue that schnitzel is Austrian and not German, but its origins are actually Italian.
Practically synonymous with German cuisine since 1945, currywurst is commonly attributed to Herta Heuwer, a Berlin woman who in 1949 managed to obtain ketchup and curry powder from British soldiers, mixed them up and served the result over grilled sausage, instantly creating a German street food classic.
All go well with fried potatoes and cold lager or a Franconian apple wine.
And here in the north, those such as Hoq Cave, the largest on Socotra, have historically provided safe shelter from both the unforgivingly high summer temperatures and strong monsoons in winter.
Despite living only 2km from the town of Qalansiyah, Ellai still chooses to live in a cave, and in many ways, Zanella explained, he is something of a living testament to the way ancient Socotri once lived on this far-flung island.
Local people have been connected to the trail from its beginning, helping to choose the route and now taking part in conservation work and running tours and activities for travellers, said local guide Naoko Machida, who runs an information centre 85km north in Tanesashi that organises hiking tours, horse riding and other activities along sections of the trail in Aomori and Iwate prefectures.
Originally from China's Shandong Province, a major radish production area, Song knows the vegetable well.
Also lost in translation is the Chinese nickname for radish, which explains why it's a popular Lunar New Year dish.
Chef Tsang has been using and modifying his own turnip cake recipe for more than four decades.
The Hong Kong Wine and Dine Festival was held in Beijing on December 28.
Distinctive HK food and drinks were laid out to stimulate the taste buds of Beijing residents on December 28.
Originally from China's Shandong Province, a major radish production area, Song knows the vegetable well.
Also lost in translation is the Chinese nickname for radish, which explains why it's a popular Lunar New Year dish.
CheYou can use porcini and parma ham instead of shiitake and Chinese preserved sausage if you can't access the traditional ingredients.f Tsang has been using and modifying his own turnip cake recipe for more than four decades.
A good turnip cake should be soft and pillowy with chunks of crisp radish.
The most common way to serve turnip cake is to cut it into slices and then pan fry them.
